This is a head-gum original.
I just have to queue it up.
It's not used to this.
Here we go.
That was easy.
Well, could you do another dish for that head-gum?
Yes.
Monday, October 4th.
This episode will be up in four days.
Uh, with us as always, Grace and Wise.
Mereka Brownlee on the sex and a mere blue and fell on the facts.
Actually, it's a mere Wise.
Really bad name, yeah.
Wise.
Wisdom is kind of the best thing you can have.
And if it's in your literally in your name, that's the best you can be.
I think that was an interesting alert.
Help me, Grace and me.
Wisdom is the best thing you can have.
Ultimately, good if it's in your best.
Right.
Yes, right.
And then call me Grace and...
Great.
Thank you.
Uneditable, so that'll be on your left forever.
I'll find a way to make that edible because for some reason I didn't chime in when I should have...
Yeah.
For some reason.
I couldn't make it happen.
I couldn't make it so.
I couldn't make it.
That's a stage fright.
Last week, you guys told me to kind of take it easy.
Get more rest.
And I have not done that.
I'm so sleep deprived.
Why?
What's that?
Ha ha ha ha.
I had a couple birthdays this weekend.
A couple late nights.
I had a couple stage fright.
I did an open mic where they kind of hoisted me onto what I thought was a throne.
But ended up being kind of a...
Yeah.
That's a nice place.
Yes, sirs.
Toilet.
I was here for aint to stand up going.
It's actually a lot of fun.
And I'm not super good at it yet, but hopefully someday.
This is so fucked up.
The video aspect of this makes me so self-conscious these days.
Because we can't edit out the pauses.
We can't have any missteps.
And I am cracking under the pressure.
I don't know what else to do.
I prepared a couple segments today.
And I think they're going to be really good.
But until then, how do we wax in a way that's listenable and now watchable?
Jeff, I think we can cut more than you think we can cut the video.
Yeah, Grayson is the one who's doing the editing.
Yeah, we should say that.
If you make a mistake, we can get rid of it.
Okay.
The rush of the mistakes are the funniest part of the show.
We should probably keep it in.
Yeah, the show is mostly mistakes.
Yeah.
Well.
Well, what?
I don't know.
I don't think it's right.
I thought you guys would bring something in the table in terms of something that happened
this weekend.
This is Monday at noon.
Sorry one second.
Yep.
That's probably the worst sound, right?
It's got to be the worst sound.
That's the sound of the sound of something interrupting you.
That you control.
It sucks.
Do you have the sound of a trough idling and writh backing up in the distance?
No.
I was going to see the searching for it again.
I think I was four minutes.
It's going to be editing it live.
Wow.
That wasn't long enough.
The bad thing is this is just the sound effects that I get from my own neighborhood
that Jeff is willingly putting into the show.
Right.
This is just like an AC unit.
It's 10 hours of a diesel truck idling.
Yeah.
Grayson, you had COVID the last time we talked to you.
Now you look kind of healthy.
Thank you.
I feel kind of healthy.
What have you done since COVID have you had a new lease on life?
Yeah.
I mean, I still have one symptom.
I still can't smell anything.
I don't know.
Wow.
Did you ever lose your smell?
I lost smell and taste, but they came back after like a week.
Okay.
So hopefully soon then.
It is really weird.
And I read something on the internet that says, like,
as your note, what it,
it's not nose buds.
What's the word for the equivalent of that?
Your buds.
Yeah.
Taste buds in your nose.
You're like your sense of whatever.
Yeah.
As those come back, you just like start to smell really bad smells all the time apparently.
Really interesting.
Looking forward to that.
So what, what, when does that become most noticeable?
Because a sense of smell is something that I have.
But I don't really, you know, have conscious appreciation for.
So like, yeah.
What can you not smell where you like that's weird?
It's, it's most noticeable when I check whether or not I can smell again.
Yeah.
And I just can't smell.
It's not like holding like fish to your face.
And you're like, this is nothing.
Yeah.
What?
I want to find a way to use it, you know,
it's like for good.
I think it could be some sort of superpower.
But I haven't figured it out yet.
Yeah.
Like a room of stinky farmers doing a contest as to who can handle it the longest and you're
fine about it.
Yeah.
You figured it out.
What have you been testing?
The two examples of that?
Let's say it was holding fish to your face smelling it and saying that's fine.
Yeah.
What was a stinky farmer's contest?
Yes.
So like, it's like, how many times can you fart before you tap out?
Because it smells too much.
Does that exist?
What do you know?
Well, we can discuss later.
It's all in my squid game spec script that I'm writing.
What have you tried to smell that didn't work?
Um, I've tried to smell coffee a number of times.
Um, you know, obviously just like deodorant in the morning.
Um, classic.
I might just be walking around smelling like shit now.
And you don't know.
And I don't know.
Yeah.
So, oh, yeah.
That's interesting.
What about taste?
I still have taste.
I never lost my sense of taste.
Interesting.
That was my fear.
Because I lost both.
And I was like, I can, I can make do without taste.
Like, I love food and drink.
But smell.
I would never know if you smell bad.
Sex is different.
And God, what's the other one?
Nature.
Wait, you're saying that you, you would be more okay not being able to taste.
Then not being able to smell.
Yeah.
That's entirely backwards.
That's right.
Yeah.
You're, it's usually an opinion.
But that one's wrong.
Most people would definitely take the sense of what was the first reason again.
Sex is different.
No, it was the second one.
Nature.
Not said.
Third one.
Oh, you don't know if you smell bad.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
All in, all in saying reasons.
I didn't say.
And comparison to being able to eat food, which you, like he said.
I'm surprised that you didn't have your, all right.
Sure.
That I didn't have what?
I was saying to grace, and I'm surprised that you didn't lose your sense of taste.
Yeah.
I thought always thought that those were connected in sex.
Really, really, they're not.
My friend hasn't been able to smell her whole life.
My friend Hanna.
She's going to be, yeah.
Yeah.
I guess that happens.
And yeah.
But that's like you never know a good thing till it's gone, but it's like they didn't even have the good thing before it was gone.
Yeah.
Everybody.
Can't monetize this.
Anywhere.
Yeah.
Let's get it started.
I need to get the energy up a little bit.
I got a cold brew specifically for this.
It's a recollect to do, where she checks it on how much caffeine I've had.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
First one of the day.
This will be the third.
Early.
1215.
What's wax?
So she is for a spell.
Do you guys know Celsius?
The temperature measurement?
No.
The energy drink.
Energy drink.
Yeah.
I don't actually.
It's a fitness energy drink.
They say live fit on the side of it.
Nice.
Thanks.
I never even heard of that.
What is it?
It's an energy drink with only natural ingredients.
And 200 milligrams of caffeine, which is basically two cups of coffee.
The CDC doesn't recommend that you have more than 400 grams in a day.
So two Celsius is, you got to call it a day.
Okay.
Is it like red bull or monster energy or something?
No.
It sounds like a caffeinated energy drink.
It's like that, but it's Celsius.
So seven different flavors.
One happy feeling.
But are you on their website right now?
Wait.
No.
But you do end up.
It ends up drying out everything.
My lips are cracked.
My eyes are even dry.
So great.
Yeah.
Great for your chronic dry eye that you just got.
Sounds like you took liquid acutain or something.
Something really invasive and terrible for you.
I hated to see that.
That's the kind of shit we didn't need to.
How long did you?
The train in full steam ahead.
To what?
You said you had birthday parties.
How are those?
They were really fun.
That's a great anywhere exciting where they just had people's houses.
Or anybody we know?
I was at my friend's house.
One of them was at my friend's house.
And that one just all my friends showed up too.
Trying to think of who you guys would know, George Sabba.
Billy Brick was there.
Sessley Bro was there.
She's guessed it on a couple shows.
That's probably it.
But Grayson, you might know.
Do you know Max Maca Vetsky?
Yeah.
That's crazy.
What are the odds?
Generally can't tell if that's true or not.
Let's go to our first segment.
I just wanted it on record.
But I went out of my way to ask Jeff about his day.
And he didn't return it.
The favor to anyone else.
Well, I'll get around to that kind of bullshit.
Depending on how this goes.
And I just saw someone in the mirror.
He's hard.
It's him.
He's leaving.
I see the car, boy.
Welcome to Bond of the Week.
Or Bond.
Someone's at my house.
Play without.
No.
Welcome to Bond of the Week.
Oh, my God.
This is fine.
Great.
So how's your day?
It's good.
I just told Marieka before we started officially recording though.
I am dog sitting for my roommate.
And the dog has now thrown up four times.
Yeah.
Once on my comforter and once on my carpet.
So.
We lost.
That sucks.
Does your roommate feel bad at all?
He's currently in London.
So I think he's just having a great time.
Right.
Yeah.
You're cleaning up dog.
And I'm happy.
And I'm happy for him.
Good for you.
Does the dog?
You can throw up forms.
Pretty quickly when you roommate's home.
Or is it just like a separation anxiety?
Yeah.
That's what I'm going to say.
It sounds like separation anxiety.
Yeah.
I think it's just that.
Also because if she is sick.
I haven't taken her to the vet.
So I wouldn't really know what to do if this became like a dire situation.
Yeah.
It's a killer.
Never do a favor for a friend because if the favor goes sour.
Then it's going to cause tension between you and them.
Versus if you just kind of say no up front.
How could there be tension?
So true because I am moving out now.
Yeah.
And that's a bad thing.
That's a bad thing.
Yeah.
Actually, I didn't sign an NDA so I can talk about this.
These are some checks that I got for.
Playing resweather spoon and ashton cutters best friend in a movie.
But it was it was still photos.
Photo still photos.
So it's like, oh, these are photos from when they were in college and friends with these people.
So they dressed them to like look like they were in their 20s.
And then they were going to bunch of other people in their 20s.
Yeah.
I think they looked young.
Especially in photos where they can be edited.
So that's how I spent last Tuesday was I was just in a living room in West
Hollywood acting like I was playing poker with them.
And I got paid basically nothing.
One of these checks is for 82 dollars.
Wow.
Well, you just posed for photos.
Yeah.
But it was sad.
Like I would have loved 500 at least.
And I didn't get that.
And I was four days too because I had to do a COVID test and then a fitting and another
COVID test and then the shoot.
That should be $500.
Know yourself.
Know your worth, Grayson.
Was that four days of activities?
Where did the fucking week?
Where did they got them week?
Four.
I don't have $1,000.
Yeah.
That's clear.
Cause you're doing the plan here.
You got to check about for $82.
Meryka.
What's up, man?
What's absolutely up, dude?
I love it.
Goodness.
Um,
I know this weekend.
I was the Broadway flea market, which is fun for me personally.
Um, spot a bunch of Broadway shirts and stuff.
Walked around the theater district.
Good times.
That's awesome.
I'll send them to this weekend.
Also great for me.
As I love the first Venom film.
It was highly anticipated this year.
And I think it was a point.
Yeah.
It's really fun.
I love story between a sweaty man and a goof monster.
I don't know.
It's good.
That's a really easy time.
Yeah.
Is that what you said on Letterbox?
That's a really good review.
Letterbox.
What did I say?
I mean, I said something to the extent of this is a rom-com.
I hope that Eddie and Venom on their be Chinese moon carve a heart and a palm tree together.
It's great time.
Go see it.
That's fun.
Well, look.
We got to do this segment.
Even though Blumen felt not back.
This is bond to the week.
All right.
Yeah.
Basically.
Wow.
There he is.
Bond to the week is a segment where every week from now until the next James Bond movie.
So Friday.
It comes out Friday.
Oh.
Okay.
Then just this episode.
Bond of the week is a serial weekly segment that where we all kind of take our pick of who the next James Bond should be.
This week.
My bond of the week is Jillian Anderson.
Because Daniel Craig talked about the next one being a woman and she's the mom and sex education.
And I'd love to see her just like battling.
I mean, doing absolute spy work.
You're not wondering where I went.
Where'd you go?
I kind of left pretty abruptly.
Saw people walking in the background.
And then I came back and it was just right into bond of the week.
I guess we could discuss Jillian Anderson being the next Bond.
But in case anybody's curious,
maybe you can guide the conversation towards where I was, what happened and stuff like that.
Where were you, what happened, stuff like that?
It's actually none of your business.
But I owed some cash to certain people and I'll give it to that.
They came to collect.
Yeah.
I don't feel comfortable discussing it on the show.
But at the same time, I do think it's your obligation as a host to sort of ask the questions.
The audience might have towards me.
So at this point, you can either press on and inquire further or try to shift the conversation.
But shift the conversation back to the bond thing.
All right.
Might be Jordan.
That'd be good.
What's that?
Yeah.
Bond has to be British though.
I did some, I had some extra gardening work done,
because there's a lot of dry leaves in the back of the yard.
And this is not a third place.
And why Michael B.
I mean, why not, Michael B?
He'd be awesome.
He would be so short fire management.
Requires that you maintain your yard in the way that you basically have to serve you as a British person.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I'm literally looking at a list of British people that I have on my phone.
Yeah.
And then you don't just chime in with like, oh, like, you know, you got to get dust removal.
You have to get all the stuff.
Nobody cares about what you do with your yard.
Your yard is a piece of shit I've seen it in person.
It's flat.
It's short.
There's no real grass.
I mean, I feel like Aaron Taylor Johnson could be an interesting one.
All right.
He's a, he's an tenant.
He's in kick ass.
Yeah.
He was quick silver in the MCU.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
What about a mirror playing?
The.
Yeah.
The white.
What?
I'm here.
The auction.
That's cool.
This sort of like the.
Sorry.
The nerd in the fans.
Shut up for a second.
It could be cool for you to be.
Yeah.
The nerd in the game.
But I'm wondering if you're a bond guy.
If Jillian Anderson is bond.
That's fun.
And so you're like at the bar in like a.
Kind of racially clad.
A little black suit.
And every boy needs a little black suit.
I'm.
I'm near your bond of the week.
Let me have to fucking move on.
Um.
Should I go like a standard one.
I see Idris elbow being thrashed out a lot.
What I was going to say could be interesting.
Well, we have LeBron James is starting to make his foyer into acting.
Yeah.
Again.
Imagine if you get it.
It has to be British.
And then Ferris and I will cut this out.
But just for the latter half because it's kind of the midway point.
Let's actually bring the energy up.
Let's actually have a lot of fun.
Instead of what we've been doing so far.
Which is outer worship.
Because if you had a tubes.
You guys have brought the show.
Grayson.
You're doing great.
Everyone else is fucking garbage.
This podcast is sponsored by better help online therapy.
Check out better help.com slash.
What's that?
Life is full of stressors.
Right?
It doesn't matter who you are or what you have.
Life is probably stressful.
For me, it's time management.
You know, making sure that I get everything done just so.
You may not be feeling totally down and out and depressed.
Or like you're at a total loss.
But if your stress is high, your temper is shorter than usual.
Or even if you're just starting to feel strain in any of your relationships.
You could probably use the chance to unload.
Unload the stress and get it out by talking to somebody who's completely unbiased about your life.
Someone who isn't going to judge you or take sides on anything.
When there's things you can't tell anyone.
Or if you feel like you can't unload to family and friends.
And you need to unload it.
That's what therapy can be.
Better help is customized online therapy.
That offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions.
So you don't have to actually see anybody on camera if you don't want to.
It's much more affordable than in person therapy.
And you can start communicating with a therapist in under 48 hours.
Unload the stressors and get some unbiased feedback.
You'd be pretty surprised what you might learn.
See if it's for you.
Therapy's for me.
This podcast is sponsored by Better Help.
And the headgun podcast listeners get 10% off their first month at betterhelp.com slash.
What's that?
Thanks, Better Help.
Thank you to honey for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, we all shop online.
Right?
I got this robot online.
I've also seen that promo code field taunt is a checkout.
Right?
It bullies us, frankly, but thanks to honey.
Manually searching for coupon codes is a thing of the past.
Honey is the free browser extension.
And scours the internet for promo codes and applies the best one it finds to your cart.
Honey supports over 30,000 stores online that range from sites that have tech and gaming
products to popular fashion brands, even food delivery apps.
And it basically imagine you're shopping on one of your favorite sites.
Right?
Go leave her a second.
When you check out the honey button drops down.
And all you have to do is click a pike.
All you have to do is click apply coupons.
Wait a few seconds, as honey searches for a coupon.
I can find for that site.
And if it finds a working coupon, you'll watch the prices drop.
Honey saved me $5 off of the $25 pair of jeans.
It also helped me knock a little blood of money off of headphones.
It actually helped me knock a little bit of money off of headphones.
Honey has found it's over 17 million members over two billion dollars in savings.
Right?
So if you don't already have honey, you're missing out on free cash.
That's cash that could stay in your pocket.
It's literally free and it installs in just a few seconds.
And by getting it, you'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this podcast.
So get honey for free at joinhoney.com slash what's that?
Again, that's joinhoney.com slash what's that?
Thanks, honey.
All right, here we go.
This is impression of doing.
I have two generators up right now.
Celebrity and random word.
So basically, I'm going to generate a select.
I don't know.
And you guys have to do an impression of that celebrity talking.
Or doing the word or action that I'm going to talk about.
That I'm going to say.
That makes sense.
Doing the edges.
Like if it's like Jenna Jennifer,
I've got what's a cool edge doing gardening.
She'd be like,
I can't wait to have a hole in my hand for the seeds this season.
Who was that?
That was Jennifer's.
And I thought it was pretty good.
All right, Jason.
Oh, God.
Oh, no.
Wes Anderson in a swamp.
And also, I should have mentioned.
Who knows what he looks like.
What he sounds like.
Yeah.
Well, that's not doing.
Right?
That's what you got.
All right, Wes Anderson in a swamp.
And I have two full minutes.
Go for it.
Yeah, just the only thing I know about Wes Anderson is that he's a director.
So I'll start my impression now.
Oh, wait.
Actually, you know.
Okay, cool.
Action.
Oh, I didn't need that.
That was happening in front of the camera.
But again, he's just the director.
So I think it's a great impression.
I guess at the end of two minutes, I'll just yell cut.
And then we'll cut this entire part out of the video.
I saw also this week of the day.
Oh, Wes Anderson film at MoMA, which was fun.
And it had a little intro from Wes Anderson.
But I couldn't tell you.
I think he is a pretty regular voice.
I'd say.
Yeah.
You can't really do an impression.
Which one of them did I see?
The Darjeeling Limited.
Uh, I think that's his worst movie.
It's one of my favorites, I think.
Actually, I think bottle rockets are worse.
I also of bottle rocket.
The short film or bottle rocket.
The feature film.
Right.
I also snuck into MoMA after I saw that, which was pretty fun.
A little heist.
It was really Jesse.
Jeff, you have also made it impossible to edit this now,
because there's a running clock on the screen.
So everything you were worried about before is coming through because of you.
This is still.
We should say that this is still Wes Anderson in a swamp.
This is what this is.
No.
Well, it's not, man.
I had to admit that he did it quickly.
You restarted it by the way.
You started it again.
Because great.
And you said, I'm going to start now.
So yeah, you said it.
That's totally fair.
I'm still.
If you could just let me finish my impression.
I'm still doing it.
I'm still on the clock.
Exactly.
Y'all going to see the French dispatch when it comes out.
It comes out.
It comes out my birthday, actually.
Can all go forward.
I'm glad.
And cut.
That was really good.
That was really good, Wes.
Thanks.
All right.
Now it's Marieka's turn.
Here we go.
It's not.
PT Barnum.
At an assassination.
Again.
These are not.
Doing.
The entire game is the impression of doing.
Yeah.
And it's just people at places.
You can be doing it.
What are these generators?
And start moving the clock so much.
It's so erratic.
What's on his shoulders?
You can see all your shots.
Yeah.
It sucks.
Oh my god.
I got a question to be clear.
I am at a assassination right now.
First and foremost.
Yeah.
Which is like something you pay tickets for.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm assuming.
PT Barnum.
Is, of course, me who is the circus man.
Yeah.
The wild west showman.
Right.
So I'm assuming I'm at the circus.
Because I am.
And.
You know, there's an assassination.
Is about to occur.
Yeah.
Which is great.
This is a lot of doing.
Yeah.
No.
Not about to go into.
Currently I'm in.
This sucks.
This fucking sucks.
What did you think would happen?
I thought I did this to put you make you guys uncomfortable and get out of your comfort zone.
Yeah.
That was never going to happen.
You're just not giving people that it's possible.
I'll do it.
I'm going to pressure it up.
And they're not.
Again, they're not doing anything.
Yeah.
But he's just there.
Yes.
He can be talking about anything.
I guess the assassination.
Let's say it happened right now.
Oh, what?
Notification.
Did you just get.
Grailed.
Now live.
Design a week.
Um.
Yeah.
The assassination happened.
Everyone around me is panicking.
I'm fine, though.
Why are you?
No.
It's going to happen.
What?
Because I'm.
He orchestrated the entire thing.
All right.
It's a mirror's turn.
I swear to God, if you don't bring this home,
I'm going to be mad.
All right.
Rain Wilson.
Okay.
Being lonely.
Uh, all right.
Uh, I'm rain Wilson.
And where is everybody?
I'm all by myself.
Yeah.
We can read your email.
Gmail's.
What do you have?
And about the Texas governor.
If you donate to act blue even one time.
Yeah.
Um, I'm.
I'm.
I wonder if I should do a crossword puzzle.
Oh, here's a clue about me.
It's saying, uh, actor.
From actor Dwight from now.
You know what?
Fuck this.
What?
That was.
Fuck this.
Oh, you're not going to say what you're doing.
Everybody else did worse than me.
By the way, rain Wilson being lonely.
Again, not doing anything.
It's, it's the absence of doing.
I'm very good every time.
I thought that was a pretty good fucking game.
That was easy.
Why?
Have you guys seen Taskmaster?
Yes.
Yeah.
What?
What is that?
I don't know.
Why would you watch Taskmaster?
Yes.
Correct.
Will you just carry us or are you setting up a segment?
I am setting up a segment and I'm curious.
All right.
This is, well, that's Taskmaster.
You say this is well-bathed Taskmaster.
Is that all right?
Just, yeah.
How, how's the copy doing?
It's all right.
Welcome to...
RASH Master.
No.
He'll flots.
So, I still haven't seen Taskmaster.
But this is RASH Master.
This is part of the RASH.
Is the name of the game.
I'll let's like Rose, the touch, taskmaster for inspiration for the show from people that do things like this professionally.
Amir was exactly right and he hasn't even heard the game yet.
So, this is RASH.
RASH.
You guessed the RASH.
Yeah.
And let me say that.
Let me say that.
And I won't be looking at this screen.
All right.
Amir got Rosace.
That's $100 to Amir.
$100 owed to me for every wrong answer we should say.
Is Rosace a type of RASH?
In a way.
Is that Lyme's disease?
Oh my god.
We would felt cleaning out.
That's $200 to Amir's name.
I'm an amateur dermatologist of sorts.
I literally...
That looks like ASMR.
So much.
I was looking at skin issues.
Poison Oak.
Oh, that's good.
Poison Ivy.
I'm not going to guess.
I have the screen so small that I can barely see it.
All so easy.
Stop saying what it's fucking is.
This one's Hepatitis C.
Hepatitis D all of the above.
All right.
Next one.
That looks like Poison Oak.
Or Poison Ivy.
Poison Zoomack.
It was Poison Ivy.
Amir's exactly ready.
He's up $300.
Diper RASH.
I should have done Diper RASH.
I just didn't like kids with the only people who were Diper,
so I didn't want to show a photo of like a kid's ass.
That was a good idea.
I didn't know where you'd draw the line.
Yes, of course.
Is that a butt or a boobs?
That's going to be a butt.
And adult butt.
Is it back knee?
Meryka?
I'm literally not looking at it.
Why?
Let's see how wise you are to RASH's.
Is it Diper RASH?
That was already yesterday.
What is that little extra box that keeps coming up?
That's got to be a bad move on your part.
Oh, wait, really?
What happens?
When I do that, there's like no,
there's just like a little preview of the same image,
but a slut.
Yeah, like it keeps.
Yeah.
What is this?
That it keeps moving.
Yeah.
I can't see what you guys are actually seeing.
This is going to be a yeast image.
Why?
Why did you do this?
Because I'm taking YouTube video.
You can tell.
Because I wanted to raise.
It's raised.
What'd you say?
Yeah, it's a mirror.
It's exima.
Yeah, it's raised and dry.
Recials.
Oh, mary.
Not even looking at it.
All right.
This one should be, yeah.
Give me.
Let's see how wise grace can be.
This one feels like back knee.
Yeah.
Up.
Come here.
Down.
Back acne.
Which is different from back.
Okay, I guess it could be chicken box, but.
Correct.
I'm here for $400.
Let's see what this is.
Well, those little legs are this spider.
Spider eggs are something.
That extra box.
Is there, is there a world where this is back knee?
And it's just so easy.
Interesting.
How many different rashes do you think the average person knows?
The perfect out of context had gone.
Half of these aren't rashes.
Yeah.
That's true.
More than half.
Probably.
I don't think we've seen one rash.
Yeah.
Yeah, we heard you play the wrong song for that.
That was easy.
This was shingles.
Yeah.
This one's kind of sad.
This one's going to be scarlet fever.
And I think we should just move on.
Oh, my god.
That's it.
Are they gone?
Can I move my screen back?
Don't look disappointed.
Why is it, by the way, that every time I actually put time and thought into the episode,
it turns out to be horseshit.
And then the time and thought you put was impression of doing.
And guess that rash.
Round to that one's take to.
It's hour.
That was an hour of crap.
It shouldn't have made a game called rashmaster.
That we have to put on YouTube now.
And I'm going to get in the diseases to people.
Are we going to get a flag for nudity for the butt?
Probably.
Maybe.
I think this should be a by week.
I think we didn't release this episode.
But why are we here talking?
What can you possibly be talking about?
Let's get into it.
We're almost at the 40 minute mark here.
I feel like we didn't talk enough about your guys.
What do you guys do this weekend?
Let's go ahead.
Pretty eventful weekend.
I went to my niece's bot mitzvah.
A Jewish kind of age ceremony.
So it's a dinner or a party either before or after.
And then a service where the young lady reads from the Torah based on what portion is being read that we know.
The Torah.
We've all been to a party in that spot.
I've been to a ribbon to us.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm too new.
Sorry, I'm here.
I mean, I know what they are.
I'm just saying.
So since the Jewish New Year just started, her Torah portion was
Brashit aka the first one.
That's right.
God creating the world can enable the Garden of Eden.
Some pretty important shit was discussed.
Red, chanted, and prayed upon.
So I guess show some respect towards the liturgy.
Genesis, as you Christians may call it, is a pretty important chapter in the Tanakh.
Why is that funny?
I'm just an awe.
Oh, it's these are the days of awe.
The Yamim nor Aim.
What?
Talk in not riddles for once in your goddamn life.
I went through my nieces, but mits.
Good.
She's 13 already?
Is this the niece I met at the Hibium office once?
Yeah, well, there's a 16 year old in a 12 year old.
That's a crazy world.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
That's all you did this weekend?
You didn't.
All I did, that's a pretty big fucking deal.
What do you love?
She went to fucking Zebulon.
No, I didn't go to Zebulon.
I'm not going to like crowded dark bar parties.
Yeah.
It's a pretty dangerous right now.
All right.
Well, I had COVID.
So I'm going to go to the parties.
Right.
Exactly why I'm not going to the parties.
All right.
Yeah.
You got COVID.
Both, right?
LAs numbers are going way, way, way, way.
Are they?
Hmm.
They have to be.
Yeah.
So you're not checking.
Not recently.
Of course.
Let's do Marika.
What'd you do this weekend?
I think I really explained every single thing that I did this weekend.
To recap, I saw Wes Anderson film at the moment.
And I came to the moment the next day.
I went to the Broadway flea market and bought a bunch of stuff.
And then I fried a, I saw Venom.
I'm sorry.
There's a lot of Venom.
Let there be carnage.
Mmm.
So rude.
Yeah.
So we did that weekend.
They say it.
No, no.
You go.
Wow.
It's so rude.
Yeah.
And it was.
On to the next, right?
To down one to the other.
It's so rude.
Like we have to have a guest on.
I want to have a guest on next week.
Because I want to be.
I want to be really rude to a stranger.
I should get Dan.
You can switch on the show.
Sure.
I'm sure he would love it.
Grayson.
If I tell you, are you going to play the wow sound effect after?
No, because I've already, I already like, which isn't good for audio or video.
I already kind of made myself laugh at it.
And none of you did.
So that's not good.
Yeah.
I took a train up to New Haven, Connecticut to visit my friend for her birthday.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Very exciting.
Train travel is the way of the future.
Set about the Metro Norris.
I really hope we get like that light speed rail or whatever it's called.
Yeah.
That's called infrastructure.
I'm here.
That's called job variation.
What's that?
So what?
I don't know.
That's all the centers Democrats are always talking about.
Infrastructure jobs.
Let's just all do nonsense and call it a life.
That's sort of what you're doing.
Yes.
I'm a beacon of the prime example.
I'm a beacon of nonsense.
Are you happy?
Yeah.
Because like, I don't sleep a lot.
Because it sounds a lot.
I haven't slept here.
I haven't.
I get so much joy out of what I do on a weekly basis on a daily basis.
Gross.
Major killer.
Be joy.
What?
Is what I said.
And it's a major killer to send us off into the night.
Not generally.
Do not go gently into the good night.
It's not the reference.
Dunn.
Daniel.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point the people to?
For some reason, the floor is all of ours at the same time.
Let's all say it once.
Three, two, one.
Head got.
Yeah.
I knew myself.
I knew something it's available to that show and the high and mighty power hour.
It is a power hour podcast and then every place.
You should've raised some plug your shit as well.
I'll tell you you're talking.
Yeah.
So if you want to be a part of that and go brings as yesterday,
treat us together.
The people around us go to Computer nessa.
It just gets, we all that a message done.
Engineer company that's going for 40 years.
There's a lot of space for no reason, even though you want to pretend to hold out, everybody's going to be there in the game.
Not just since before.
After.
It's going to be fleeting, but also recorded.
80 tickets left.
80 tickets left for the entire thing.
So if you want to do that, you got to get in on it now.
Is my whole thing.
By the time this comes out, probably looking more at 60 tickets, if I had to guess.
And I have 10 plus ones on your left.
I actually have 12 plus ones now.
So there's only 68 tickets or seats.
Let's say.
Grayson, anything more to plug that you didn't get out?
You know, gray KY's.
That's me on if you want to follow me on Instagram, Twitter, Spotify, any of the big three.
Is that a J-made playlist?
Reference.
Or is that just gray KY's?
No, that's just my name.
I know.
But I also wondered if you were like trying to do like a J-K Rowling thing.
I think that would have been.
That would have been like a fun reference like 10 years ago.
But I've everything she's done.
Yeah, but maybe it's subversive.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Maybe.
But it's not.
Brownlee.
I really, I said all my stuff during the massive.
All right.
Calm down.
I just, this didn't go how I wanted to.
Really?
Video aspects make me nervous.
Yeah.
I mean, I think that's fair for us all.
I thought it was video until we start open to the zoom.
And I was like, I should have worn something more interesting.
The best part of podcasting as you don't have to worry about.
You forgot that it was video, but you planned a video-based segment
where people had to look at rashes.
That's also true.
At Jeffrey James Lennon's Instagram.
At Jeff Boyhardy on Twitter.
And he had gone podcast live October 22nd, 7pm.
Get him before they're gone.
I do think this is going to sell out.
So if you've been waiting, but you know you want to go, get him this week.
And until next week, that's Dodds folks.
That was a hit dumb original.